[Ci] Update README with Meshery's SBOM (#15604)
meshery/meshery: README.md

### License

> This repository and site are available as open-source under the terms of the [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0). View Meshery's [Software Bill of Materials](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/actions/workflows/bom.yaml) (SBOM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository and site are available as open-source under the terms of the [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0). Meshery's [Software Bill of Materials](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/actions/workflows/bom.yaml) (SBOM) is available as a build artifact.
```
